1. Background Summary: My website will be titled “Glam Guide for Beginners” and will be an informative beauty site for those who are unfamiliar with beauty products and how to apply makeup. It is targeted for beginners with makeup and other related products, although it may be useful for anyone. I will get most my information from my own knowledge and other beauty websites.
2. Overview: The website will be divided into a homepage with 4 sub-pages each concentrated on one topic: eyeshadow, brows, foundation and lipstick. I decided to use these four topics because they are what I categorize my makeup routine into and wanted to keep each page organized by subject. The purpose of this site it to help inform those who want to know more about applying makeup.
3. Drivers: The goal of this project is to create an efficient and easily navigated site for beauty beginners. My top three objectives are 1) relaying information effectively, 2) have the site be aesthetically pleasing and 3) successfully helping those who need this information.
4. Audience: The audience is beauty beginners. In other words, anyone who does not have much experience with makeup or how to apply it. This website will be catered toward this type of audience.
5. Competitors: My main competitors are other sites with the same purpose and information, as well as any outside resources my target audience may have.
6. Tone: The tone will be casual, fun and playful. I want people to feel at ease when they are reading the site and not overload them with too much information.
7. Message: The message will be informative with general tips and tricks on how to apply makeup to each of the topic areas on each page.
8. Visuals: The visuals used will be existing ones pulled from the internet.
9. Details: Each subpage will have a information on how to apply makeup to that certain area and a list of recommended tools or products.

Inspiration:
♣	https://www.refinery29.com/en-us/69074
♣	https://prettygirlssweat.com/article/beauty-101-beginners-guide-makeup
♣	http://glamorganicgoddess.com/start-here-beginners-guide-to-clean-beauty/
♣	https://thechalkboardmag.com/best-natural-beauty-products-routine
♣	https://www.instyle.com/beauty/makeup/makeup-kit-beginners-products
